So this is my project, Personalized Learning System. This is completely built up with the help of open infrastructure and with my own developed logic, like how to develop, how to create and personalize learning roadmap with the help of some questions. And these questions will be given upon your answers. Then your questions will be generated by your feelings, your sentiments, as well as what you want to learn. It will take the history. On the next question, it will be generated. And wow, you will response. And as far as response, next question, again, will be generated. So here, there are two things for this. So here we are. So basically, we are, first, we will check the user audience here. So there are two types of user audience. First, type A, for deep learning, who want to learn the things in a very detailed manner. And second, type B, who wants to just want a quick recap, just quick learning things, or just want to see the outcome, how AI responds. So this project is generally for those kind of person, those kind of audience. So I'll give my demo for this project. So let me start with my dashboard. In the dashboard, we have an API URL that is running on the localhost 66016 that I use my own local private browser, a private port number with the help of some Amazon AWS. I open the port from that. So now in the session state, how many requests will we do? All the requests will be recorded here. How many questions will be responded? All the questions will be recorded here. And how articles will be generated, what tasks will be generated, everything will be recorded here as far as your activity, so let's start. So the first is, like phase one, we have onboarding questions. Like we have to click on the get first question. Whenever you click on the first question, you will get first question. And the question will tell you what part is bringing you here today. What would you like to learn about what's going through right now? Feel free to say as many details as you'd like. So don't worry about being perfect or so. So I'll write down my own answer. Let's suppose I want to learn agent AI. I want to learn the topic, learn the topic, agent AI. So as per that information, first question will be submitted. You can see here, the first question submitted. Now on behalf of your answer, the next question is again generated. Now the next question, how would you prefer I want to tailor the experience to what works best for you. If this will take some effort, thought of your part, would you rather go with detailed discussion? Quick example, how would you prefer to generate something you start with? Then it is checking your interest. Like you want to learn in detail or just you want to repeat it. So we have now four, three options. Keep it simple, just generate it or go deeper. So I'll just click on go deep. Again, I'll submit. So again, two questions submitted here. The next question is generated. What would you like to do with this plan? Are you looking to explore ideas or get high level overview or dive deeper? So again, we have again three options. Get high level overview. Get seeded information. So I need seeded information. So like I want to dive deeper. So get high level overview. Again, I'll click. Next question, how would you plan to be? How detailed would you like to plan to be? So I need very detailed. So again, I can present it. Next question, is this work related, personal, interest or mix of both? So I'll get a bit of both. I'll submit it. Next question will come, which actually try to follow or use this plan if it's created for you? Yes, I plan to use it. I'll select this and click on it. So all the questions have been completed here and you can see the complete history and response of all these questions. So this is all about onboarding questions. Next is your phase and learning context. All the onboarding questions have been saved in the context that it may be the type of language. So next we have to generate a plan. So next you just click on the plan, generate plan for onboarding and you will see the complete or detailed plan about the topic. So it will take some time. Let's wait. Then it is quite slow. Okay, so plan generated. You can see the full plan here. Okay, in fundamental knowledge applications, you will get the complete knowledge about the whole concept, as well as timeline, deadline dates also. And you get the complete information about this. And on behalf of this, you will generate any article on sub-topic. So here, the topic estimated dates as well as the whole concept. If you want to change the beginner level, like you want at advanced level. And also you can see, the questions, requests, all these things recorded as part of your activity. So again, it takes some time. So again, article is generated here. If you want to read this article, definitely you can read it. You can see the link here also. Applications, core concept, all these things you can see. You can learn all these things with the help of just a single prompt. Next prompt, chat mode on these things and you can see the result here. Four pages of modules and you can see complete details here about the output as well as the plan structure of these things. So this is my small project. In the development phase, I have complete full, in detail full structure as well, as well as I have also written down the code of the plan structure as well. So thank you so much.